The murder case Kardelen, the police has clearly identified the culprit one
Neighbor abducted abused and suffocated for the 8-year-old schoolgirl
he called the investigators today is 29 years old he is on the run
therefore the murderer is said to be the little Kardelen
a 29 year old neighbor of the family from Paderborn
Here he lived and was not noticed so far it is said by the police
he is the since 2003 in the hallway in Germany
he is percent
the Turkish citizen
he has percent
no children
so far, however, has been since 2002
here in the Federal Republic was married
the investigators assume that the man has dropped off abroad
possibly to Turkey
the arrest warrant is now in search of him internationally
the 29-year-old's apartment has already been searched
the ideas of traces of voices coincide with those on the corpse of the girl
here on the south bank of the Mohnesee was the murdered Kardelen about three weeks ago
been found about 60 kilometers away from their hometown Paderborn
and there the investigators searched feverishly for the decisive hint
with success
there
and so we want business card
fell from Turkey into the hands
clear up for a bit about the earth itself
The investigation then has several steps at all
First, connections yield percent to Paderborn, and then finally
also notes on the squares fact suspects
Karoline disappeared on the twelfth of January, she wanted a girlfriend
visit and again with her murderer in the hands
according to autopsy, the eight-year-old was sexually abused and he is infected
Kassel next to Paderborn have then let the investigators how close they turn
are
to the suspects
the 29 year old Ali Kur the turkish-born man of hers
Paderborn telepathy it the alleged perpetrator he becomes strongly suspicious
and now it's 'just' against hapa off so
they assume that he may be in Turkey
has dropped off its own a city which one over the airport Izmir am
best reached there
however, with the father of the suspect one hundred percent
The police does not have security, he still can in Germany or
but also in another country and that's why Lell it the
Police have been seeking an international arrest warrant
What else can you tell us about the alleged perpetrator
yes as I said 29 years old Ali Kur his name married since 2002 since 2001
he lives here in Paderborn was unemployed
and experienced in the neighborhood of the girl, however, have the
Family and the suspected perpetrator
not known that it is what the police knew determined me told me
Now she feverishly searches for him with the title The End of the Street
Datacert box